feat: Update HTTP Provider to support any type of request (#1920)
promptfoo/promptfoo: site/docs/providers/http.md

      language: 'French'
```

If not specified, HTTP POST with content-type application/json is assumed if the body is an object or array.

> The body can be a string or a JSON object. If the body is a string, it will be sent as the raw request body. If the body is a JSON object, it will be sent as a JSON body. If body is an object, the conten type header MUST be application/json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`body` can be a string or a JSON object. If the body is a string, it will be sent as a raw request body and you may have to specify a `Content-Type` header. If the body is an object, then content type is automatically set to `application/json`.
```
